Versus functionality:
    First pick vs red/blue
        not sure how I feel about the current draft name system
    maybe fearless champs should have a different visual indicator?
    the unpickable because it isn't your turn UI should be more distinct from unpickable due to fearless

Canvas Functionality:
    link to fearless series from group header
    "Locked" is not explained in the UI
    import list should include shared items (only maters if I keep standalone drafts ig)
    replace draft list button Functionality with right click menus?
    editing from the manage canvas' dialog
    Export draft
    folder heirarchy
    enforce unique names when copying drafts
    no permissions to move drafts but was allowed to copy
    seperating canvas drafts from "real" drafts
        "view" button needs to change in tandem with this
    manage connection type/color?
        allow for text or champion icons to identify meaning of branch
    move controls to top center?
    when traversing canvas auto minimize left menu?
    clicking to select a champ from the dropdown keeps the dropdown open
    canvas selector should use searchable select

Short Term:
    if you view a locked draft directly it is editable
    sometimes clicking canvas edit dialog jsut sends me to the canvas instead of letting me interact
    action needs to start within a few clicks
    things you need to be signed in for should not display if user is anon
    convert to standalone functionality is a bit wonky
    clean up panel ui
    delete draft functionality
    searchable select need to fix arrow key controls
    weird auth flow when a user was signed in but became outdated
    server tweaks when json token is too old? then draft wasn't loading for some reason
    Bottom of champ list doesn't display right when uneven number of champs
    Allow non signed in users to see a non saving draft
    anon user functionality is broken
    need to handle all cases where res.ok is false
    fix or remove current user count
    activities include who edited

Long Term:
    fearless/iron man
    convert APIs to use Tanstack Query + better error handling
    VS draft
    View multiple drafts at once. Canvas?
    Friend Functionality -> Add ability to modify list of users who can view the draft
    Add types w/ zod
    Light mode/dark mode/UI customization?
    UI cleanup + animations
    optimize db writes for socket updates, redis?

UI colors:
bg dark slate-800
bg medium slate-700
bg light slate-600

border lighter than light slate-500

text primary slate-50
text muted slate-200

primary action dark teal-700
primary action light teal-400

danger red-500
warning yellow-500
success green-500
info